# Medicine-Remainder-App
There are a variety of reminder alarms on the market today. These can range from a watch that the patient  or caregiver wears with alarms that sound at various times throughout the day to computer software that  can be programmed to let people know when it is time to take the medication. Patients who may have  difficulty seeing smaller print may have difficulty with this type of reminder. In addition, the elderly are  sometimes bothered by electronic beeps emitted by some of these watches, so this may be a factor when  making this decision. Another option is a pager device that when set, can sound an alarm or vibrate to  remind patients to take their medications. Pagers generally have a larger digital read-out than does a  watch, so this option may work better for sight-impaired patients. Finally, there are options for individuals  who want to not only program a reminder, but dispense the medications at the same time. This may be an  excellent option for the caregiver who is away from the home at various times of the day. It helps remind  the patient when to take the necessary medications, yet it also serves to dispense the medications at the  same time. There are no bottles to sift through and no opportunity to take too much or not enough of a  particular medication. Some dispensers can even accept liquid medications. Designing the medication  system in advance will help the caregiver and patient decide which reminder system will work in the  household.
